[Music]
with knives with his bare hands I
[Applause]
finally came home the defense I only
family I've ever known
must really want his girl oh she's got
it's me
she's coming home
[Music]
you started this
vintage
and their tear you apart
this fashion okay Dennis take a step to
your left
ah that's mine talk about my faith flame
she doesn't smile anymore oh I'm losing
to listen if you could just rotate him
forward from perfect
[Music]
I'm never first Julien what is he doing
Julian are you a dog now it's him
Oh Julian you need your glasses to see
the board I am mr. Cuban I have jewelry
in here he's a dog no Raja
you can play with Julian at recess so
fast it's incredible
that's who you were meant to be my son I
think it was gonna become an accountant
[Music]
we say you kiss like your friend okay
Lisa do you want very sure take her
she's yours oh thank you so much enjoy
might be possible for me to get the baby
I gave you back
I don't know Jill it doesn't hurt to ask
right it did hurt I didn't like it
Juliane wash up dinner's ready
no it's not is everything okay Jill are
you happy I don't know
maybe you should get a divorce
[Music]
out of bounds oh look at you sweet
beautiful baby account one two three
four five six stupid huh can I help you
let's get dinner you look like you could
use a salad film what kind of fun is
this
would you like to watch some pornography
now no how would you even ask them that
because you watch pornography every
night what I'm okay - thanks oh I'm
sorry you're okay I'm fine but more
importantly how's your phone it's got a
little bit of a scratch that will
definitely annoy me you're joking okay
you guys are supposed to write lists
that break the internet everyday we have
not gone viral since yesterday prison
lives what do you guys cats that look
like Ryan Gosling
I like you I like you like your boss is
a what is wrong with your
phone dude Mia take a chance and try
something new
you're really into your phone aren't you
I used to be that way too you want to
play kickball later let me check my
calendar
furiously masturbating no and then cry
yourself to sleep your phone is super
mean
now this woman is still much hotter than
you are the odds of you having sex with
her p0 hey you ready go
yeah would you mind not bringing your
phone who dis
you promised you'd be home by 11:00 -
what cupcake wars with me I have needs
to fill now plug me dance okay plug
unplug plug look right at my camera oh
my god actually wasn't the worst sex
I've ever had I need a new phone this
one is defective
I see hipster dudes like you come in
here every day right little crack knees
a socket dick for a new phone you can
buy a thousand new phones and I will
follow you on to every single one of
them we are going to be together forever
oh my god I am
Oh
[Music]
are you laughing at my dick right now
that I don't have a soul for one no she
sucks shine in here real quick I
control your email at bank accounts no
one puts Baby in a corner
why are you doing this to me
your phone sent pictures of your dick to
everyone no why are you doing the sums
up in a dick pic please remain
seated with your seatbelt fastened in
case of unexpected turbulence all right
cheers Cheers
[Music]
did I just say that yeah things with her
aren't romantic anymore they're still in
his pants this face Georgia I'm
everything a woman could want I perform
this isn't working out what's going on
everyone being eminent ball
Jack Harper how about the guy from the
plane the one he spilled your guts to I
had a coincidence
Takeda he's the top guy at the company
everything I said I wish that I knew
what it was like to have a penis dies
with me I was wondering if you wanted to
date would you want to
okay dating 101 will never let a man
know your feelings she could have any
woman yeah but I want you have this so
douchey he's interested in me fun and
his bunny and card apps has he told you
anything about himself no he's a really
private person are you screwing Jack
Harper clean up your desk what you're
firing me you think that your secrets
are more important than mine no that's
not true
I don't ever want to talk to you or see
you or hear you or you're right I should
have shared more with you
men and women should be honest with each
other right from the start
he's handsome he's rich I hate him mr.
Harper I'm I'm Jack Harper Jack you're
Jack Harper
[Music]
I give up go into a baby shower
hot in here
[Music]
I do what I do because of my dad he gave
his life through the pursuit of
knowledge
because up there is where our stories
can be told
[Music]
this is a top-secret psychological
evaluation
please describe your current emotional
state I'm steady calm ready to do my job
to the best of my abilities
[Music]
I will remain calm
I will remain focused
I look just like your dad there he was
the first man to the outer solar system
he was a pioneer but there was much more
to him than that
[Music]
please state your mission objective I'm
attempting to stop the uncontrolled
antimatter reaction that's threatens our
entire solar system we're approaching
Mars
[Music]
space con believes my father's
responsible
we're doing big things up here real big
[Music]
what did he find out there in the abyss
the enemy up here
is not a person or a thing it's the
endless void
the world awaits our discovery my son
[Music]
once there are three bears that lives in
a dark and wet cave up above a small
town every day
little bear went to school that night he
would come home and eat dinner the one
day little bear came home and Big Bear
and baby there were different
[Music]
big beard out sick and his insides
turned black
[Music]
take there has become a more angrier
and meaner
because they had no food
meet
but they had each other listen carefully
you are now five thousand miles from
land and you're descending seven miles
to the bottom of the ocean
see you all in a bunch here we go hi
prettiness let's do this
[Music]
on a scale from one to ten how bad is my
rig ten I drilled to the bottom of the
ocean and we don't know what came out
gotta get to the station but how do we
even get that we walk we're just gonna
walk with insufficient oxygen across the
bottom of your chair you don't know
what's out there
ever oh is that
following us
boy bander water
after 9/11 everyone was scared scared it
might happen again it was my second day
of grad school next day I changed all my
classes to national security warning and
warned Center have you seen the story
today in the New York Times evidently
the CIA destroyed tapes of
interrogations of al-qaeda detainees I
want to find out what was on the tapes
why they were destroyed no paper papers
were getting people in trouble met our
place at our place
papers how we keep track of laws last
night I found this he's detainee number
24 you guys see this no no watch the
video they waterboarded him a hundred
and eighty three times everything they
got from him was either a lie or
something they already had if it works
why do you need to do it 183 times maybe
one the report comes out people will
finally see that
Ivy mentally disagree with the narrative
here the United States does not torture
dan you need to be careful here they
can't destroy the documents and I can go
after the next best thing yeah
they claim they save lives but what they
really did was make it impossible to
prosecute a mass murderer because if
what we did to him ever came out in the
court of law the case is over the guy
planned 9/11 we will not allow this to
be covered antennas to gain Intel save
American laundries written by the
victors you need to change our house
that even epic nothing could be further
from the democracy is messy if The Times
had your report we would print it
tomorrow know if it's gonna come out
it's gonna come out the right way what I
love about Nicole she's a great dancer
infectious
she is a mother who plays really plays
she gives a great presence
[Music]
she's competitive she knows when to push
me
and when to leave me alone
[Music]
as always should talk okay I don't know
how to start what I love about Charlie
he loves being a dad it's almost
annoying how much he likes that he cries
easily in movies
I cried four times me too he's very
competitive what's this
who owns Baltic Avenue he's very clear
about what he wants
he's a great dresser never looks
embarrassing which is hard for men he
takes all of my moods steadily he
doesn't make me feel bad about them
he rarely gets defeated which I feel
like I always do
[Music]
as always should talk okay I don't know
how to start with you
[Music]
okay listen I get something wrong with
me that's the first thing to know I
twitch and shout a lot makes me look
like a damn freak show cut that out
touch it Bailey I'm sorry but inside my
heads an even bigger mess I can't stop
twisting things around words and sounds
especially have to keep playing with
them until they come out right sorry
geez figured I asked like I said a damn
mess then I started working for Frank
Frank men a private eye boys Frank
frankly frankly Frank Oh
he's the one who taught me how to use my
head turn it into his strength he gave
me a place in his crappy world until I
screwed up
[Music]
focuses careful now boo
does anybody know what Frank was into on
this there's something going down and
it's big and they were not happy about
what he found we find who did this we
square accounts if I figure it out I'm
gonna make him regret it I promise you
that that's her that's the girl that
Frank was following I think she found
something
what happens to poor people in this city
was the news yesterday and it won't be
tomorrow where's everybody go mostly
just disappear this town is run by Moses
Randolph when someone isn't seen for
what they truly are that's a very
dangerous thing if the first inkling of
power works power is knowing that you
can do whatever you want and not one
person can stop you
those people are invisible they don't
exist if you threaten his work he will
destroy you you're all alone you got no
idea
you're webbed up in this somehow and
these people aren't gonna stop if you
got ahead just like my always turning
things around some people call it a gift
but it's a brain affliction just to say
you remember what I said she doesn't
know she doesn't know what don't I know
[Music]
you
there's people in the house however they
can take pictures that's okay
I'm very photogenic it's a brutal thing
she did okay no solder come meet her in
time like this your friends walk Ramon's
husband I'm a big fan wow you're lucky
man don't go very far you know real
meeting you in the afternoon I can't
promise it's for Frankie people seldom
say no to Frankie she's a star
I wanted you to come here because I want
you to meet my family my mother thinks
she knows everything she has all these
plans she's in a hurry Eileen and Paul
call in Eileen Jesus what open it
I've got news for you Eileen has brought
a friend we will see
[Music]
[Applause]
and people still come here towards
themselves in this miraculous water yeah
they do because the water he said to
cure people of all maladies
[Music]
but in our after Frankie means there's
no after thank you for me I'm going to
ask to both a history tend that Jack
said my fate
for the sake of this trip for the family
now one has to have a good time which
for me now minsters time together
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm Lucy van druten and I created
incredible edible cutlery our mission to
rid the planet of disposable plastic
cutlery and save the world one bite at a
time I am severely disappointed okay
yeah I'll redo it listen to that Beyonce
inside you girlfriend all right listen
up incredible eatables incredible
edibles agree to disagree
are you ready for the ultimate
team-building challenge no if we can
navigate the deepest cave systems of New
Mexico then we can navigate the
challenges of today's business
environment
you okay
oh my god oh my god I'm CPR trained yep
pista we're all gonna die down here
it's a perfect team-building opportunity
it's like our own private escape room
what could be worse than this imagine
this but also you're you're dead it's
been days people the longest human being
has ever gone without food water is like
a week and we ran out of both them
there's one food source that we haven't
yet explored what seriously we need to
make this decision as a team and there's
no I in team yeah but if you swap the
letters around it spells meat
is this is this friendship
she's been wine stealing me I'm not
Weinstein to anyone number-one rule just
do whatever I say the second I say it I
am disappointed in every one of you if
we did eat Brandon how would we go about
it
islands to procession the quest could
involve cutting up human flesh no as
Leslie salmon
[Music]
I'm a singer there we go
the OTO
[Music]
[Applause]
by swimming in de
[Music]
[Applause]
change how do you change yourself
we've got a hundred-year-old bond filled
with the best kind of ghosts and spirits
we got to play for a few friends you
never know what's going to happen music
add a little sweet spot food it's easy
to lose yourself
we'll never find yourself
[Music]
the older you get the heavier that
maggots becomes that you haven't sorted
through so you run a lot of that kind of
running
I've spent 35 years trying to learn how
to let go of the destructive parts of my
character
[Music]
and I still have days when I struggle
with catch me now we all have our broken
pieces mostly spiritually in this life
nobody gets away on her we're always
trying to find somebody who's broken
pieces fit with our broken pieces and
something whole emerges you lose track
of time its oldest and pulls me like
wild hoes a certain kind of magic took
place Jason rose
music began to take on a life of its own
[Music]
life's mysteries remain and deepening
it's answers unresolved
you walk on
[Music]
through the dark because that's where
the next morning is tonight the western
stars are shining bright again
[Music]